###Shufflemint Studios, Generative Art Factory###

**Background:**
Shufflemint Studios is the software used to create CryptoHoots. This software allows anyone that owns a Hoot, or has >= 1 HOOT token to use this software and create a generative art project. This implies verified ERC-20 or ERC-721 ownership.

Independent NFT artists deploy their NFTs on sites such as Rarible, OpenSea, etc. and don’t usually create large scale generative projects due to lack of resources or coding experience. 
 
**Proposal:**
CryptoHoots/Shufflemint Studios will bring in independent artists that want to increase their exposure and create a larger project. The DAOwl will generate HIPs (timeframe TBA) to vote on art samples of which project should be hosted. For each project the DAOwl selects CH/SS/DAOwl will:
Work with the artist by guiding them through the use of Shufflemint.

1. Polish loose ends of their project, so it resolves smoothly.
2. Deal with any pre-marketing efforts and cost.
3. Handle the website and post marketing (if Shufflemint does not have it’s own storefront ala Artblocks https://artblocks.io/gallery)
4. Cover all costs associated with Contract deployment.
5. Cover all costs associated with rarity listing.
6. These projects will show up on Opensea as sub-collections of Shufflemint Studios (See https://opensea.io/assets/art-blocks, “On Sale In” category separating each subset). Profits generated by original mint and Opensea will be shared between the Artist, Shufflemint Developers, the DAOwl, original Hoot holders (both ERC-721, and ERC-20 at >= 1 HOOT so stakers do not need to unstake).
(Values below are subject to modification based on competitor recon, the goal is to be artist focused, and reward Hoot holders)

Note, all costs from the process above will be recorded and paid back to the DAOwl after successful launch. First profits will roll back into the DAOwl based on this, then will follow the below profit sharing schedule.
- Artist Share: 75% 
- HOOT holders: 12.5% Ex: (300ETH of sales = 30ETH equally distributed to 2500 holders, 0.012ETH per ERC-721, or for each full HOOT token.
- Developers: 7.5%
- DAOwl: 5%
